Tell me what's going on.
I got another envelope.
It said "Ollie St. Ledger."
had a phone number.
House you grew up in
belongs to the bank. it's official.
What do you need...
like. five grand?
Tell the bank that you're gonna
have that this month.
Where you gonna get that kind of money?
I may have access to some funds.
You're Chickie
St. Ledger?
Yes.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
you can't access these funds
until this matures in April next year.
That's the guy
from this morning. right?
-You don't know him?
-Fuck!
No.
I'm pretty sure she was lying
to me. Let's hope she won't lie to you.
What's going on. Lee?
I could swear that someone
was following me on my way here.
I am telling you.
someone knows who I am.
And they're stalking me.
Think this is him.
Oliver St. Ledger from
Narragansett. Rhode Island.
Oh. my God.
You scared me.
-What are you doing?
-Disappeared
after dodging arrest
for first-degree murder.
He's sometimes referred to as
the Narrow River Killer.
Are you working today?
Yeah. I'm gonna go to the office
after the gym.
On a weekend?
The initial render for the bank retrofit...
it's got a tight deadline.
That my shirt?
Yeah.
Is that why you were. uh. in my closet?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I couldn't help myself.
Why? Why else would I be in your closet?
If you were looking at the safe...
it's not mine.
It was in the apartment
when I got here. already locked.
And I… I don't have the combination.
Whoa.
No. I wasn't.
But okay.
Was there somewhere
you had to be at 5:30 this morning?
Yeah.
I went to go see my therapist.
Therapist works odd hours.
He does for me.
Do you find that helps you?
I will say. it doesn't hurt.
Usually. when someone says. "I will say."
it means there's something else
that they won't say.
It's my mom.
She only ever calls me
when she needs tech support.
Anyway. I need to go.
I was thinking I could swing by your work
for lunch today.
I'm-I'm gonna be really busy.
And if I need to eat.
I'll just order something
from the office. I'll see you.
I'll be here.
You can keep it.
The shirt.
"The Narrow River Killing
refers to the brutal murder
of prep school student Paul Sparling.
found on the banks of a tidal inlet
near the Narragansett Bay
on June 5th. 2009.
Autopsy ruled a homicide.
Fellow student Shane Martin
was arrested for first-degree murder.
though it was widely believed
his classmate
Oliver St. Ledger
was responsible for the crime."
Wait. where you getting that?
-This is the Wiki.
-Wiki.
And I'm not seeing any mainstream press
connecting St. Ledger to this case at all.
I-I do find some subreddits. though.
Something about. um.
how the students at the school
knew the truth.
no one asked the right questions.
No. I got it here. This says something.
Uh. yeah.
His dad's name is Caspar St. Ledger.
-Huh.
-Uh.
on the 2018 Midas List
of world's richest venture capitalists.
Net worth close to a billion. Goddamn.
Get this. His mama's name is Chickie.
Okay.
-All right. That says it.
-Yeah.
Then the rest of this is just
about sightings of him
in different cities and stuff.
He's like psycho sasquatch.
His last listing
is couple months ago in Boston.
I wonder what the Narragansett PD
has to say about all this.
Case motherfucking closed.
-Well...
-Caspar and Chickie
shut that shit down years ago.
The Internet still remembers.
And whoever wrote this.
Oh.
They just left a phone number.
I wonder if he took the bait.
Yeah. not if you found it in the garbage.
Mm. True.
You've reached Jane Miller.
Leave a message
and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Ms. Miller. this is Lee Reardon
from the Boston PD.
Um... return my call as soon as you can.
We have a few questions.
I'll text you my number.
Jane Miller in New York.
Okay. Uh. text me the number.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna run it.
And I'll meet you inside?
I'm gonna call the M.E.
and see if they've assigned the autopsy.
I'm not gonna forget about that.
Hey.
Oh. shit!
I. uh. I-I thought that you
were gonna be at work.
I was just gonna leave you a message.
Nah. I'm waiting for Mom
at the farmers market.
Think I'd puke
if I smelled vegetables right now.
Why are you so jacked up?
Because I did it. dude.
I got the money.
What?
-Wait.
-Yeah.
-Are you kidding?
-No.
and it's a-a bank transfer.
so it's gonna take like a week or two
to go through. but I fucking did it.
What?
Is it really from the St. Ledgers?
Yeah.
Don't tell Mom.
No. no. God. no.
Oh. my God.
Wait. is. is it the whole five grand?
Yeah. It's. uh.
even a little bit more than that.
Oh. shit.
Um... how are you not gonna get busted?
Because it's not like a check
made out to us.
It's complicated.
but I'll tell you when I get home.
When's that gonna be?
I kind of feel like I should wait until
the money transfers. right? So...
I don't know. just keep checking.
But as soon as it does.
you're coming home. right?
Yeah. I might stay a little longer
'cause my job's not done.
So quit.
I don't know if I want to.
I'm liking it more than I thought I would.
And it's not all about the money.
It-It's called a job. Meg.
You do it for the money.
which you said you just got. so what?
Yeah. so... stop asking questions.
I'll keep you posted.
Wonder if this guy had a gun.
Well. 32% of Americans do.
Hey. listen. I. uh. heard the techs
talking about the skull fragment.
They seemed to think
the victim is a woman.
Who's doing the autopsy?
Oh. M.E. assigned it to the Hippo.
Yes. Yeah. Hippo's real good.
She'll give it to us fast.
She likes me.
Listen. I tried Jane Miller again.
Her mailbox is full now.
Okay. so what? So is yours.
What? No. it's not.
How would you know?
You never leave a message.
-No one leaves a message.
-Then how does a mailbox get full?
Uh. I don't know. eight million hang-ups?
I just wonder if a full mailbox
supports the idea
that she may be officially missing.
But. you know. she was also fucking
with the Narragansett River Killer.
So now we have a motive. too.
I know. Yo.
Hey. I ran Jane Miller
against her phone number.
I think she's here somewhere.
Uh. yeah. yeah.
we know she was at some point.
The letter didn't go
through the post office.
She had to drop it off herself.
She filed a vandalism report with BPD
a month ago on a New York plate.
Blue Fiat.
-Do we have an address?
-Yeah.
This one.
When you say "vandalism."
my mind goes to keyed or egged.
Or "sophomore slut"
painted on the side?
Hey.
The vandalism happened here.
Mm.
Reusable grocery bags and a key card.
She definitely lived in the building.
Apartment 7.
Tape it off.
Police. Anyone home?
Jane?
Oliver?
Okay.
Where the fuck are you going?
Where are you going?
Where you going? Where you going?
Where you going?
Where are you going?
No fucking way.
Fuck.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Fuck!
Hey. dude. what the fuck?
Hey. you can't do that.
There's cameras down here.
Whoa. hey. take it easy. man.
I get it. I've done shit like this. too.
-Don't worry about the camera.
I can help with that.
-Yeah?
What are you gonna do?
Get rid of it if that's good with you.
I mean. I just need to work
a little overtime. you know?
Okay.
One more thing.
-What?
-Hit me.
What?
Hit me.
I don't...
What are you...? I don't get it.
Listen. you don't have to understand.
Okay? Just hit me.
Hit me!
Ain't got to tell me twice.
Again.
H-Hey. my man Kevin Sullivan.
how you doing?
Uh. uh. yeah. great. thanks.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I think you. uh. had a little incident
down in the parking garage?
Looks like this is the first day
we see it all bashed up like that.
It hasn't moved since.
Maybe waiting
for the insurance to go through.
I mean. I got caught like that last year.
-This lady. boy...
-Okay. back it up.
Back it up a little bit.
Back it. back it. back. hey.
Whoa. wh-whoa. whoa. whoa.
-What was that?
-I don't know. Let me. let me look.
-What time was that?
-Uh. 3:16 p.m.
But then. poof. goes to 11:23 a.m.
I-I don't know what happens
in between then.
Oh. I know.
Somebody wiped the evidence.
Uh. it's-it's possible that resyncing
the individual cameras
caused a slippage in the. in the footage.
Slippage.
And-and you don't know Oliver Kennedy?
That's the story you're sticking with?
That... that's not a story.
Yeah. what about Jane Miller.
the owner of the car?
Mm. I don't. I don't think so. Is she new?
Kevin Sullivan. Kevin Sullivan.
Oh. man. I got to let you know
a few things. man. um...
I'm a. I'm a. I'm a homicide detective.
-Mm-hmm.
-You feel me?
Yeah.
Destruction of evidence.
that's not my favorite thing.
You know. I don't call up Santa Claus
and ask him for obstruction for Christmas.
-You know?
-Right.
But. lookit. I'm willing
to overlook all of that
'cause. I mean. the bottom line is...
I don't give a fuck about you.
My only job here today is to sort out
what the fuck happened
to that human puree
floating in that bathtub.
And I don't believe. not for one second.
that slippage
caused that tape to erase itself.
Or...
that you don't know
who Oliver Kennedy is. or Jane Miller.
But what I do believe 100%...
you're the motherfucker
who pulled that fire alarm.
Ooh. I did not do that!
I swear on everything I love. man.
I didn't do that. No. no. no. no.
Hey. I... I didn't do that.
I didn't do that.
I swear on. I swear on everything.
There he is.
Yeah. that's the Kevin Sullivan
I was looking for.
Yeah. he likes to talk.
That still supports our theory
that Jane Miller is our Jane Doe.
Apparently missing
but resides in the building.
Motive... seems pretty obvious.
Yeah. and then her
coming and seeing Ledger
using his real name instead of his alias?
Maybe that was step one
in some kind of blackmail.
Smashing the hell out of her car
with a four-wheel dolly means
he didn't really go for it.
He wasn't with that shit at all.
-Mr. Sullivan?
-Yes. ma'am.
When's the last time you saw Jane Miller?
-I rea... I really don't know.
-But you have a key to her apartment.
A master key. ma'am. Yes. ma'am.
Okay.
Now let's have Cami call Judge K
to expedite a warrant.
Why? For what? W-We got cause here.
Maybe to search the car.
but the apartment's a stretch.
Can you just call for the warrant
so we can go eat?
Yeah.
Can I help you?
Yes. Uh. hi.
I'm Ciara. I'm. um. looking for Oliver.
I know he's probably busy.
but I brought him lunch.
Well. he must be running late.
But come in.
Thank you.
And then the doors closed.
and there he was. He was just stuck.
What was I gonna do?
Yeah. there is
a special place in hell
for people who wear
their backpack on a train.
Ollie usually carries a messenger bag.
Yeah. I-I guess just not
to the gym. but... "Ollie."
That's so cute.
I've never heard anyone call him that.
So you've known him
since he was a kid?
Oh. since the day he was born.
Yeah. we lost touch
over the past few years.
but then things just fell into place.
Couldn't be happier
to have him here in Boston.
So how did you two meet.
or is that a stupid question?
No. we actually met at a grocery store.
-Oh. is that a new dating app. huh?
-Yes. um. very popular.
My apple matched with his orange
and then...
Um. no. but it was really sweet.
it was really wholesome.
I think my grandparents
actually met in the same way.
Hmm. He has never mentioned
that he was seeing anyone.
but you may have noticed.
he keeps things close to the vest.
Yes. he does.
I wish that he didn't.
He's always been that way.
Had a difficult childhood.
His parents weren't around much.
he didn't have many people to talk to.
Keeping it all inside became a habit.
Yeah. he mentioned that something
happened in high school
but then didn't say what it was.
I wonder where the hell he is.
He hates to be late.
Let's give him a call. hmm?
The person
you are calling is currently unavailable.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Oliver. it's your boss.
I am sitting here with
the most delightful young woman
who brought you lunch.
which I will eat myself
if you don't show up
in the next five minutes.
I'm sure he'll be here any minute.
So. what is it that you do. Ciara?
Oh. I work for the CIA.
Yeah. started in the mail room.
but then I worked my way up to assassin.
I am sitting here
with the most delightful young woman
who brought you lunch.
which I will eat myself
if you don't show up
in the next five minutes.
What the fuck?
And so I followed her
out of the gym
and I called the number on the letter
and her phone rang.
It's her.
She's the one who left the letter.
And so then I. then I kept following her.
and.
and she's-she's here. Dan.
in my fucking building!
And she's watching me
and I-I can't get away from her.
Slow down. Did you talk to her?
No. I-I bashed in her fucking windshield.
And I don't regret it. I should have...
bashed her head in.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
stop spinning and listen to me.
This woman is harassing you. intentionally
trying to throw you off balance.
You cannot allow her
to trigger violent behaviors.
Well. it's too late.
She already did.
Take a box breath.
get your heart rate down.
I want to discuss this
from a calmer place.
I don't. I want to know what she wants
from me right fucking now.
You know. it doesn't matter.
She wants something from Oliver
St. Ledger. but you are Oliver Kennedy.
a man who lets go of the past
and embraces the future.
Something wrong?
Oliver?
Is someone there?
No. No. it's nothing.
Does this have anything to do
with the woman
you explicitly told me
you'd stopped seeing?
Come on. Ollie.
I know when you're lying to me.
Your paranoia. the emotional lability:
these are classic traits of a person
with sex on the brain.
Oxytocin's powerful stuff.
Yeah. I don't know.
I thought it was gonna
be different this time.
But I don't know.
Okay.
Is it possible
you didn't think it would be different.
you just wanted it to be different?
Does that resonate?
Well. I'm glad you can see that.
That shows growth.
But I don't think I need to tell you that
sometimes we're not ready emotionally.
psychologically. for what we want.
Sometimes we just need to walk away.
We've talked about all this before.
What's wrong with you?
I was in the middle
of a private conversation.
With a guy who is baby-stepping you
through every decision in your life.
It's called therapy.
It's what people do
when they want to better themselves.
He's telling you to leave me.
No.
No. it's just that...
ever since I met you.
my life has spun out of control.
and Dan. he knows me.
You pay him to know you.
and I'm right here.
I'm free of charge. and you won't let me.
Can't you see how. how fucked-up that is?
Uh. can I be honest?
I just fucking met you last month.
so I don't. I don't know
what you want me to say to you.
That my favorite color is blue?
Um. my first pet's name was Charlie.
Great. You're right. Maybe you're right.
Why don't we just stay strangers
who fuck and share a fridge?
And... yeah. and share a safe.
I was looking at your
fancy fucking shirts! I didn't know
that your closet was
some mysterious no-fly zone.
Maybe we should negotiate.
You can tell me
exactly where I'm allowed to be.
Okay. not there and not at my office.
I already have a stalker.
I don't need another one.
You think I'm a stalker?
Okay. You're right.
Everyone who meets you
is just so fucking fascinated.
they can't stay away from you.
Well. God forbid I should want
to get to know you.
Why can't I know you?
What exactly do you need to know?!
What?
What... Uh. is it so wrong
that I can have some fucking privacy?
Oliver. have you ever had a relationship.
a real relationship
with another human being?
Or are you so busy
and consumed with learning
everything about yourself
and hoarding every gory detail
for yourself?
Okay.
So I'm avoidant and you're insecure.
I'm glad that we cleared that up.
That's good.
Oh. my God. you are so damaged.
Sounds like you know me just fucking fine.
Oh. well. looks like some of these people
had to go to work.
If by "work" you mean they're back in bed
staring at a screen
full of heads in boxes.
I'd hate that.
I wouldn't. You don't like what they say.
bang. close the screen.
Wait a minute. we're not going
to this place you like down here.
What's it called? Leaves. Twigs & Hair?
Do you really need meat at every meal?
Oink. oink means yes.
Karl. is that Aaron?
Aaron? Aaron. Aaron. Aaron.
You're a hard man to find.
What are you doing here?
Why are you not in school?
Got sent to the principal's office
for something I didn't do.
Hi. Aunt Lee.
Hey. bud. Where's your mom?
-Sip and paint.
-Jesus Christ.
-It is the middle of the fucking day.
-How'd you get here?
-Family tracker app.
-Huh.
Get in here. man. Put your seat belt on.
Sipping and painting
in the middle of the goddamn day?
I'm working my ass off here
and-and I'm the one who gets judged?
She calls it "mommy juice."
Aaron...
why don't you go and put this. uh.
in that machine over there.
and it'll give you tokens for the grabber.
Hey. my man.
-I hear you. Divorce is hard.
-No. no. no.
She's selfish.
No. don't do that.
Don't look at me like that.
I know that you're gonna say that
that's me. but you know it's not.
I don't want to quit this job
because I want to "better myself."
I got a kid
and-and-and an old-ass cat. and...
and I'm sick of it.
I'm not like you.
Yeah. well...
some days I'm not like me either.
Yeah?
How so?
Remember last September. when you were...
you were busy with that triple homicide
and I got called out by myself
to that drive-by?
Dope dealer shot out by the fairgrounds?
-Doesn't ring a bell.
-Yeah. there's no reason it should.
White kid got shot with a .45. car to car.
A 2018 Ford Explorer with smoke tint
gets caught on camera
outside the CVS two blocks away.
I run the plates. and they're registered
to a guy named Linus Finch.
He has a few drug offenses.
nothing close to homicide.
I track him down.
and he's here in Seaport
in a big apartment.
Looks just like the rest of 'em:
he's young. clean-cut.
has nice stuff.
a dog that isn't a pit bull.
He lets me right in. doesn't lawyer up.
Has an alibi.
But then. when I go to leave...
he offers me money to stay away.
Why would he do that if he knew
you were heading to the door?
That's what I said.
And he goes.
"Oh. it's 'cause I'm on parole
and I... don't want anything to go wrong."
So I turn him down and I leave.
His alibi checks out.
we get busy with the triple.
and then the whole thing
goes cold on its own.
And then one day I'm at home.
I was watching a game or something.
and I look on the back porch...
and I see the grill.
Remember when I got it?
The nice Weber grill?
It just appears with a little fucking note
from him. thanking me.
like it's a present.
Yeah. which you should've given back.
I know.
But I didn't.
It was so much better
than my old Char-Broil.
The way the little burner
on the side heats the sauce
while the chicken is grilling.
-"Everything in Its Right Place"]
-♪ Everything...
I didn't tell you.
I didn't tell Cami.
I didn't tell anybody. I just kept it.
♪ Right place...
Yeah. fuck a felony.
long as it warms the sauce.
♪ Right place...
And then...
I kept the 70-inch Samsung.
And then the Triumph.
Cash. too?
If he is buying you off.
he's got a damn good reason
and it is not. "I'm on probation."
-Everybody's on probation.
-I know.
I'm stupid. I was so stupid.
A motorcycle.
♪ Everything...
Jesus. I should've known.
That is not my Leezy.
-I mean. what the fuck?
-Listen. I should've told you. I know.
I just realized. I. I don't know.
it seemed like it was too late. I was...
♪ Everything ♪
♪ In its right place ♪
No. you shouldn't have told me.
Shouldn't have done it.
♪ In its right place...
Boss. let's go. Your mom's here.
♪ There are two colors in my head ♪
♪ There are two colors
in my head ♪
♪ What. what is that you tried to say? ♪
♪ What. what was that ♪
♪ You tried to say? ♪
♪ Tried to say ♪
♪ Tried
to say ♪
♪ Tried to say ♪♪
Is it still going on?
No.
No. it's over.
Why were you outside talking to him today?
I know that he sells pills
to tech bros in The Crossings.
and I legit thought
that he might be able to help.
I texted him. I didn't expect him to...
Shut the fuck up.
Don't-don't say anything else to me.
-I'm sorry.
-Stop it.
The only thing you have going for you
is that this makes me feel
a fuck of a lot better about myself.
That's it.
Yeah. it should.
What are you going to say to Cami?
Nothing. Look.
Dec got the warrant.
He's probably standing
outside Apartment 7 right now
with his dick in his hand. so...
ready?
Hi.
I'm Oliver Kennedy.
I-I. I live in the building.
I-I think I saw you in the garage today.
but I don't think we've ever met.
I'm Jane Miller. Hello.
I-I don't know anyone here.
so I thought I'd be a good neighbor
and just come over and introduce myself.
I-I think there's been some kind of...
misunderstanding.
You keep on leaving
these notes in my mailbox
addressed to Oliver St. Ledger?
That's not my name.
That's not me.
Oliver. I know.
You know what?
I know who you are.
I mean. so do I.
I'm Oliver Kennedy.
I know what you did.
I didn't do anything.
But... whatever
this Oliver St. Ledger did...
...it sounds
like something pretty bad.
It was.
Yikes. I hope he never finds you.
Have a good night.
-"If the World Falls to Pieces"]
-♪ We have nothing left to lose ♪
♪ Flames look beautiful ♪
♪ If you forget what they can do ♪
♪ If they only knew ♪
♪ Oh. at least we can say we tried...
♪ Didn't go down without a fight ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ Come sit by the window ♪
♪ To see from a better view...
I'm sorry...
that I'm so crazy.
That's okay.
So am I.
♪ I'll save you ♪
♪ You'd save me. too ♪
♪ Come sit by the window ♪
♪ To see from a better view ♪
♪ If the world falls to pieces ♪
♪ At least I'll be ♪
♪ With you ♪♪
Are we ready?
Looks good to me.
Hey. if you guys think
that Jane Miller's dead.
what you think is in there?
Weber grill.
Triumph Street Triple 675.
Police department. Jane Miller?
All yours.
Why does this place look
so familiar?
Kevin Sullivan. who owns this apartment?
Same company that owns
Oliver Kennedy's apartment.
His boss Elliot Berhane.
I was looking at your safe this morning.
I know.
I typed your birthday into the keypad.
and it was dumb.
And I was embarrassed. so I lied.
But I wasn't trying to steal anything.
I swear I wasn't.
I believe you.
I really hope so.
Because I want you to know
that you can trust me.
I think that the safe was like a metaphor
for breaking into your brain or something.
And seeing what's inside.
You know. the whole point of trust is...
taking a risk and saying the thing
that you don't want to say.
It's killing you
to keep it locked up inside.
And whatever it is.
I promise I can handle it.
I just need to know what it is.
Oliver?
Oliver. tell me.
What did you do?
Oliver?
Oliver.
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la. la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ It's been a while
since I've been around ♪
since I've seen you out ♪
♪ Have you changed your hair? ♪
♪ Would you mind to share? ♪
♪ I took a chance at a brand-new place ♪
♪ I brought my pride
and some spare change ♪
♪ They don't speak my language ♪
♪ Can we mend the damage? ♪
♪ Freak out when the moment's gone ♪
♪ Wait. I'm fixing what's been broken ♪
♪ Thought I would have some time ♪
♪ Just a little longer ♪
♪ Late night when you hear my call ♪
♪ I need friends when I call you up ♪
♪ I need some affection ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Ooh... ah... ♪
♪ Faith might be keeping me up ♪
♪ I play right. then I get back up ♪
♪ I need motivation ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Ooh... ah... ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la. la-la-la-la-la ♪♪